README.md, before:

# 🖥️ My Hyprland Dotfiles

This repository contains my personal configuration files for **Hyprland**, **Waybar**, **Kitty**, and related tools on **Arch Linux**.

## 📂 Contents

### 🪟 Hyprland

- `hypr/hyprland.conf` – main Hyprland configuration
- `hypr/hyprpaper.conf` – wallpaper settings for Hyprpaper
- `hypr/evangelion_background.png` – wallpaper image used by Hyprpaper

### 🧭 Waybar

- `waybar/config.jsonc` – main Waybar configuration file
- `waybar/style.css` – CSS styling for Waybar
- `waybar/power_menu.xml` – custom power menu layout

### 🐱 Kitty

- `kitty/kitty.conf` – main Kitty terminal configuration
- `kitty/kitty-themes/` – directory containing cloned Kitty themes

### ⚡ Scripts

- `scripts/setup_symlinks.sh` – script to automatically create **symlinks** from the dotfiles in this repository to `$HOME/.config` and `$HOME`.
  - Automatically detects the dotfiles directory by using the parent folder of the script.
  - Works for both **directories and files**.
  - Replaces existing **symlinks** if present.

---

## 💡 Purpose

I use this repository to back up and synchronize my **Hyprland** setup across different devices, keeping all my customizations, visuals, and terminal configurations consistent.

---

## ⚙️ Installation

Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone git@github.com:AntonioSertic23/dotfiles.git
cd dotfiles
```

---

## 🛠️ Set up symlinks

Run the setup script:

```bash
./scripts/setup_symlinks.sh
```

This will create or update symlinks for all configured items, linking them to their correct destinations under:

- \`~/.config/...\`
- \`$HOME/...\`

---

The `kitty-themes/` directory is ignored in this repository, so you need to clone it manually:

```bash
git clone git@github.com:dexpota/kitty-themes.git kitty/kitty-themes
```

---

### 🎨 Change Kitty Theme

To apply a specific theme, open your `kitty.conf` and include a theme file, for example:

```bash
include ./kitty-themes/themes/OneDark.conf
```

You can browse available themes in the `kitty-themes` directory and switch them anytime.

---

## 📝 Usage / Adding New Dotfiles

1. Add a new configuration folder or file to your dotfiles repository.
2. Add the new item to the `SYMLINKS` associative array inside `scripts/setup_symlinks.sh`.
3. Run the setup script again:

```bash
./scripts/setup_symlinks.sh
```

This will automatically create the symlink for the new configuration.

Commit message:

Create documentation for installing Arch Linux

README.md, after:

# 🖥️ My Hyprland Dotfiles

This repository contains my personal configuration files for **Hyprland**, **Waybar**, **Kitty**, and related tools on **Arch Linux**.

A full manual for installing **Arch Linux + Windows 11 dual boot** is available in  
`docs/arch_install.md` — useful if you want to recreate the same system setup.

## 📂 Contents

### 🪟 Hyprland

- `hypr/hyprland.conf` – main Hyprland configuration
- `hypr/hyprpaper.conf` – wallpaper settings for Hyprpaper
- `hypr/evangelion_background.png` – wallpaper image used by Hyprpaper

### 🧭 Waybar

- `waybar/config.jsonc` – main Waybar configuration file
- `waybar/style.css` – CSS styling for Waybar
- `waybar/power_menu.xml` – custom power menu layout

### 🐱 Kitty

- `kitty/kitty.conf` – main Kitty terminal configuration
- `kitty/kitty-themes/` – directory containing cloned Kitty themes

### ⚡ Scripts

- `scripts/setup_symlinks.sh` – script to automatically create **symlinks** from the dotfiles in this repository to `$HOME/.config` and `$HOME`.
  - Automatically detects the dotfiles directory by using the parent folder of the script.
  - Works for both **directories and files**.
  - Replaces existing **symlinks** if present.

---

## 💡 Purpose

I use this repository to back up and synchronize my **Hyprland** setup across different devices, keeping all my customizations, visuals, and terminal configurations consistent.

---

## ⚙️ Installation

Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone git@github.com:AntonioSertic23/dotfiles.git
cd dotfiles
```

---

## 🛠️ Set up symlinks

Run the setup script:

```bash
./scripts/setup_symlinks.sh
```

This will create or update symlinks for all configured items, linking them to their correct destinations under:

- \`~/.config/...\`
- \`$HOME/...\`

---

The `kitty-themes/` directory is ignored in this repository, so you need to clone it manually:

```bash
git clone git@github.com:dexpota/kitty-themes.git kitty/kitty-themes
```

---

### 🎨 Change Kitty Theme

To apply a specific theme, open your `kitty.conf` and include a theme file, for example:

```bash
include ./kitty-themes/themes/OneDark.conf
```

You can browse available themes in the `kitty-themes` directory and switch them anytime.

---

## 📝 Usage / Adding New Dotfiles

1. Add a new configuration folder or file to your dotfiles repository.
2. Add the new item to the `SYMLINKS` associative array inside `scripts/setup_symlinks.sh`.
3. Run the setup script again:

```bash
./scripts/setup_symlinks.sh
```

This will automatically create the symlink for the new configuration.
